We're gonna get our database hooked up.
We're gonna wire up.
Instead of returning purely fixture data,
which we are right now.
Just remember in our resolver query
resolver we're returning this
fixture data for suggestions and
this fixture data for the current user.
Let's actually get this returning
something from our database.
So, this should be pretty easy.
We're going to replace the existing
suggestions resolver with this,
get all suggestions from our database.
And because we've typed this really
well and we have this context object,
we'll be able to grab this
little DB variable with ease.
And we'll know this is working if
we see more suggestions in the UI.
Well, let's use our dev tool first.
That's a good sign, we see four
things now instead of two in the UI.
See four things here, so
this is now data coming from our database.
And then for our current user,
we can do something similar.
So what we're going to do
here is grab all users.
We'll use destructuring assignment
to get the first one in the array.
So we'll consider the first user to
be the currently logged in user.
And if it's empty, there's no first
user will throw otherwise we'll return.
The reason we have to do that not only
is it good to give us an actionable mode
of failure here, right,
with a good error message, but this is not
a nullable field like current user if
asked for has to return some value.
So if there's a possibility of this being
null the both the type checking and
Apollo's run time validation
should yell at us about it.
We can explore that here in a sec.
So I've just replaced the existing
resolver with the new one.
Let's test it real quick.
Okay, that this just changed here.
Let's get the creation date.
Great, it's March 23rd.
So it was yesterday.
So this is data coming from our database.
I don't think that the UI will change
much here cuz the fixture data
is in fact the same thing.
But you can see this switch back,
it's no longer John Doe.
So let's see what happens
if we remove this.
So now we're getting yelled at
a little bit like DB user or
undefined is not assignable to the type
that was generated for this resolver.
So this is where we're kind of being told.
Hey, this is not supposed
to be a nullable thing,
like you're supposed to
always return something here.
So where we are right now, is,
we have type checking working
across our tech stack now.
If we wanted to maybe make this nullable,
all we'd have to do is go
to our schema.graphql.
Remove this exclamation mark.
It's gonna make our UI angry, by the way,
cuz it expects current user to be there.
But let's go back to our server sub
project, run our codegen again.
And we might need to bounce the TypeScript
server, the language server.
I'm not sure why this is allowed here.
What if I return null?
Yeah, okay, it's willing to
tolerate null not undefined, but
if I put this requirement back and
kojin again, it should reject to the null.
Yep, it already is.
Null is not assignable to that type now,
so you'd have to put this back and
then add the guard to handle
the possibility that it's not there.
So we can see the guardrails are up
where we're being protected from.
There's one set of assumptions and one
set of constraints that both our UI and
our back end and our data persistence,
like serialization and deserialization.
All of that is operating under the same
set of assumptions that are defined in one
file, which is a great place to be.